RHDEVDOCS-6353: [DOC] Add community tasks support in Operator (#87899)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-resolver-community-tasks-ref.adoc

[discrete]
[id="op-ctaskref-argocd-task-sync-and-wait_{context}"]
== argocd-task-sync-and-wait
The `argocd-task-sync-and-wait` community task deploys an Argo CD application and waits for it to be healthy. To do so, it requires the address of the Argo CD server and an authentication, either a username/password or an authentication token.

.Example usage of the `argocd-task-sync-and-wait` community task
[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
apiVersion: tekton.dev/v1
kind: Pipeline
metadata:
  name: argocd-task-sync-and-wait
spec:
  tasks:
    - name: argocd-task-sync-and-wait
      params:
        - name: application-name
          value: example_app_name
        - name: revision
          value: HEAD
        - name: flags
          value: '--'
        - name: argocd-version
          value: v2.2.2
      taskRef:
        kind: Task
        name: argocd-task-sync-and-wait
----

.Supported parameters for the `argocd-task-sync-and-wait` community task
[cols="1,2,1",options="header"]
|===
| Parameter | Description | Default value

> |`application-name` |The name of the application to sync.|

Author: Yes, you are right (I checked the upstream yaml for the task again), I will make that change :+1:

|`revision` |The the revision to sync to. | `HEAD`
|`flags` |  | `--`
|`argocd-version` |The version of the Argo CD. |`v2.2.2`
|===

[discrete]
[id="op-ctaskref-helm-upgrade-from-repo_{context}"]
== helm-upgrade-from-repo

> The `helm-upgrade-from-repo` community task installs and upgrades a helm chart in your OpenShift cluster based on the given helm repository and chart.

Reviewer: {OCP} cluster (please also check other instances)

.Example usage of the `helm-upgrade-from-repo` community task
[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
apiVersion: tekton.dev/v1
kind: Pipeline
metadata:
  name: helm-upgrade-from-repo
spec:
  tasks:
    - name: helm-upgrade-from-repo
      params:
        - name: helm_repo
          value: example_helm_repository
        - name: chart_name
          value: example_chart_name
        - name: release_version
          value: v1.0.0
        - name: release_name
          value: helm-release
        - name: release_namespace
          value: ''
        - name: overwrite_values
          value: ''
        - name: helm_image
          value: 'docker.io/lachlanevenson/k8s-helm@sha256:5c792f29950b388de24e7448d378881f68b3df73a7b30769a6aa861061fd08ae'
      taskRef:
        kind: Task
        name: helm-upgrade-from-repo
----

> .Supported parameters for the `trigger-jenkins-job` community task

Reviewer: task name seems to be wrong here?

[cols="1,2,1",options="header"]
|===
| Parameter | Description | Default value
|`helm_repo` |Specify a specific helm repository. |
|`chart_name` |Specify chart name to be deployed. |
|`release_version` |The helm release version in semantic versioning format. |`v1.0.0`
|`release_name` |The helm release name. |`helm-release`
|`release_namespace` |The helm release namespace. |`""`

> |`overwrite_values` |The values you want to overwrite, comma separated. For example: `autoscaling.enabled=true,replicas=1`|`""`

Reviewer 2: Any configurable value  in the values.yaml file, values in the context of helm are configuration parameters
I dont understand this comment 
Note: this one does not have a "values file to be used" but the next one has that? Looks inconsistent?

> |`overwrite_values` |The values you want to overwrite, comma separated. For example: `autoscaling.enabled=true,replicas=1`|`""`

Author: @jkhelil Thank you for the answer regarding the values. 

Regarding the second question, I believe @mramendi means that the `helm-upgrade-from-repo` community task does not have the `values_file` parameter, while the `helm-upgrade-from-source` task does have that parameter. So I think the question here is: can the `helm-upgrade-from-repo` task use some "values.yaml" file to insert values, similarly to `helm-upgrade-from-source`?

> |`overwrite_values` |The values you want to overwrite, comma separated. For example: `autoscaling.enabled=true,replicas=1`|`""`

Reviewer: yes, indeed. I understand that there are "values" used in both tasks but one of them has a "values file" configuration and the other does not.

> |`overwrite_values` |The values you want to overwrite, comma separated. For example: `autoscaling.enabled=true,replicas=1`|`""`

Reviewer 2: I believe that both tasks are not implemented the same way
https://github.com/tektoncd/catalog/blob/main/task/helm-upgrade-from-repo/0.3/helm-upgrade-from-repo.yaml
https://github.com/tektoncd/catalog/blob/main/task/helm-upgrade-from-source/0.4/helm-upgrade-from-source.yaml
so yes one takes a file but not the other

.Example usage of the `jib-maven` community task
[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
apiVersion: tekton.dev/v1
kind: Pipeline
metadata:
  name: jib-maven
spec:
  tasks:
    - name: jib-maven
      params:
        - name: IMAGE
          value: example_image
        - name: MAVEN_IMAGE
          value: 'gcr.io/cloud-builders/mvn@sha256:57523fc43394d6d9d2414ee8d1c85ed7a13460cbb268c3cd16d28cfb3859e641'
        - name: DIRECTORY
          value: .
        - name: CACHE
          value: empty-dir-volume
        - name: INSECUREREGISTRY
          value: 'false'
        - name: CACERTFILE
          value: service-ca.crt
      taskRef:
        kind: Task
        name: jib-maven
      workspaces:
        - name: source
          workspace: shared-workspace
  #...
----

.Supported parameters for the `jib-maven` community task
[cols="1,2,1",options="header"]
|===
| Parameter | Description | Default value
|`IMAGE` |Name of the image to build. |
|`MAVEN_IMAGE` |Maven base image. |`gcr.io/cloud-builders/mvn@sha256:57523fc43394d6d9d2414ee8d1c85ed7a13460cbb268c3cd16d28cfb3859e641`

> |`DIRECTORY` |The{nbsp}directory{nbsp}containing{nbsp}the{nbsp}app,{nbsp}relative{nbsp}to the source repository root. |`.`

Author: It prevents from having weirdly shaped table (caused by the long default value). I have checked with asciidoc documentation and there is notsolution to this problem, so I improvised here. With the non breaking space, I was able to make the second column wider and easier to read.

> |`DIRECTORY` |The{nbsp}directory{nbsp}containing{nbsp}the{nbsp}app,{nbsp}relative{nbsp}to the source repository root. |`.`

Author: I am leaving this comment open so that the answer is visible to the reviewers.

|`token` |The bearer token for authentication to the cluster. |`""`
|`insecure` |To indicate whether a server should be accessed without verifying the TLS certificate. |`false`
|===

.Supported workspaces for the `kubeconfig-creator` community task
[cols="1,3",options="header"]
|===
| Workspace | Description
| `output` | The workspace where the `kubeconfig` file is stored by the `kubeconfig-creator` task.
|===

[discrete]
[id="op-ctaskref-pull-request_{context}"]
== pull-request

You can use the `pull-request` community task to interact with a source control management (SCM) system through an abstracted interface.

This community task works with both public SCM instances and self-hosted/enterprise GitHub and GitLab instances. 

In download mode, this task populates the `pr` workspace with the state of the existing pull request, including the `.MANIFEST` file. 
In upload mode, this task compares the contents of the `pr` workspace with the `.MANIFEST` file, if it exists.

.Example usage of the `pull-request` community task
[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
apiVersion: tekton.dev/v1
kind: Pipeline
metadata:
  name: pull-request
spec:

>   #...

Reviewer 3: This sample doesn't provide much value :)

Author: Oh my, thank you for noticing! I am not sure how it happened, I mush have added the example and then remove it again by accident :woman_facepalming:

----

.Supported parameters for the `pull-request` community task
[cols="1,2,1",options="header"]
|===
| Parameter | Description | Default value
|`mode` |If set to `download`, the state of the pull request at `url` is fetched. If set to `upload` then the pull request at `url` is updated. |
|`url` |The URL of the pull request. |
|`provider` |The type of the SCM system,. The supported values are `github` or `gitlab`. |
|`secret-key-ref` |The name of an opaque secret containing a key called "token" with a base64 encoded SCM token.|
|`insecure-skip-tls-verify` |If set to `true`, the certificate validation is disabled. |`false`
|===

.Supported workspaces for the `pull-request` community task
[cols="1,3",options="header"]
|===
| Workspace | Description
| `pr` | The workspace that contains the state of the pull request.
|===

.Results that the `pull-request` task returns
[cols="1,1,2",options="header"]
|===
| Result | Type | Description
|`IMAGE_DIGEST` |`string` |Digest of the image that was built.

> |===

Reviewer 3: This task doesn't have such  a result

Author: My bad, yes, this was not intentional to include. A copy-paste mistake

[discrete]
[id="op-ctaskref-trigger-jenkins-job_{context}"]
== trigger-jenkins-job

The `trigger-jenkins-job` community task is used to trigger a Jenkins job by using the `curl` request.

.Example usage of the `trigger-jenkins-job` community task
[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
apiVersion: tekton.dev/v1
kind: Pipeline
metadata:
  name: trigger-jenkins-job
spec:
  tasks:
    - name: trigger-jenkins-job
      params:
        - name: JENKINS_HOST_URL
          value: example_host_URL
        - name: JOB_NAME
          value: example_job_name
        - name: JENKINS_SECRETS
          value: jenkins-credentials
        - name: JOB_PARAMS
          value:
            - example_param
      taskRef:

>         kind: Task

Reviewer 3: This line is not necessary, we usually don't show it in our code snippets.

Author: Hello @ppitonak Do you refer to the `kind: Task` line?  I thought it would be nice to specify so that it is 100% clear from the example that those are no longer clustertasks. Or do you mean the `taskRef:` field in general does not really have to be mentioned in the examples?

// This module is included in the following assemblies:
// * create/remote-pipelines-tasks-resolvers.adoc

// // *openshift_pipelines/remote-pipelines-tasks-resolvers.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="resolver-community-tasks-ref_{context}"]
= Community tasks provided in the {pipelines-shortname} namespace

By default, an {pipelines-shortname} installation includes a set of community tasks that you can use in your pipelines. These tasks are located in the {pipelines-shortname} installation namespace, which is normally the `openshift-pipelines` namespace.

[discrete]
[id="op-ctaskref-argocd-task-sync-and-wait_{context}"]
== argocd-task-sync-and-wait

> The `argocd-task-sync-and-wait` community task deploys an Argo CD application and waits for it to be healthy. To do so, it requires the address of the Argo CD server and authentication information, either a username/password or an authentication token.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The `argocd-task-sync-and-wait` community task deploys an Argo CD application and waits for it to be healthy. To do so, it requires the address of the Argo CD server and authentication information, either a username and password or an authentication token.
```

> The `argocd-task-sync-and-wait` community task deploys an Argo CD application and waits for it to be healthy. To do so, it requires the address of the Argo CD server and authentication information, either a username and password or an authentication token.

Reviewer: I do not see the authentication information in the example and in the list of parameters. Please work this out - either add the parameters for the authentication information or else remove the statement that it is required.

Author: Good point! I will take a second look ,thank you for noticing!

Author: There are no paramaters for the authentication. This is specified in the  `stepTemplate` field.

Reviewer 2: a secret with name argocd-env-secret is needed https://github.com/tektoncd/catalog/tree/main/task/argocd-task-sync-and-wait/0.2

.Example usage of the `argocd-task-sync-and-wait` community task
[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
apiVersion: tekton.dev/v1
kind: Pipeline
metadata:
  name: argocd-task-sync-and-wait
spec:
  tasks:
    - name: argocd-task-sync-and-wait
      params:
        - name: application-name
          value: example_app_name
        - name: revision
          value: HEAD
        - name: flags
          value: '--'
        - name: argocd-version
          value: v2.2.2
      taskRef:
        kind: Task
        name: argocd-task-sync-and-wait
----

.Supported parameters for the `argocd-task-sync-and-wait` community task
[cols="1,2,1",options="header"]
|===
| Parameter | Description | Default value

> |`application-name` |The name of the application to deploy.|

Reviewer: Remove "The" here and in the other parameters, I think we don't normally use an article at the start of a parameter description in the table (compare to how the non-community tasks are done)

|`revision` |The revision to deploy. | `HEAD`
|`flags` |  | `--`

> |`argocd-version` |The version of the Argo CD. |`v2.2.2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`argocd-version` |Version of Argo CD. |`v2.2.2`
```

|===

[discrete]
[id="op-ctaskref-helm-upgrade-from-repo_{context}"]
== helm-upgrade-from-repo

> The `helm-upgrade-from-repo` community task installs and upgrades a Helm chart in your {OCP} cluster based on the given Helm repository and chart.

Reviewer: Would it not be "installs OR upgrades"?

Author: I am not sure what you mean here. It can do both?

Reviewer 2: I would use Or also, it servers to install or to  upgrade

.Example usage of the `helm-upgrade-from-repo` community task
[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
apiVersion: tekton.dev/v1
kind: Pipeline
metadata:
  name: helm-upgrade-from-repo
spec:
  tasks:
    - name: helm-upgrade-from-repo
      params:
        - name: helm_repo
          value: example_helm_repository
        - name: chart_name
          value: example_chart_name
        - name: release_version
          value: v1.0.0
        - name: release_name
          value: helm-release
        - name: release_namespace
          value: ''
        - name: overwrite_values
          value: ''
        - name: helm_image

>           value: 'docker.io/lachlanevenson/k8s-helm@sha256:5c792f29950b388de24e7448d378881f68b3df73a7b30769a6aa861061fd08ae'

Reviewer 4: Wondering whether mention of the `lachlanevenson` repo here (and 3 other instances in this PR) is intentional / specific to these community tasks, or if they can be obfuscated further (e.g., `example-org` or something similar).

I'm guessing since they're listed in the tables as the "Default value" that they're intentional, but just wanted to check.

Reviewer 3: Yes, this is correct. We call these `community tasks` mainly because they use some random images (i.e. not productized by Red Hat).

      taskRef:
        kind: Task
        name: helm-upgrade-from-repo
----

.Supported parameters for the `helm-upgrade-from-repo` community task
[cols="1,2,1",options="header"]
|===
| Parameter | Description | Default value

> |`helm_repo` |Specify a Helm repository. |

Reviewer: Remove _specify" as one has to specify any parameter anyway. So instead this should be "Hem repository name"

> |`chart_name` |Specify chart name to be deployed. |

Reviewer: "Helm chart name"

> |`release_version` |The Helm release version in semantic versioning format. |`v1.0.0`

Reviewer: Remove "The" here and in the other parameters, I think we don't normally use an article at the start of a parameter description in the table (compare to how the non-community tasks are done)

|`release_name` |The Helm release name. |`helm-release`
|`release_namespace` |The Helm release namespace. |`""`
|`overwrite_values` |The configuration parameters to overwrite, comma separated. For example: `autoscaling.enabled=true,replicas=1`|`""`
|`helm_image` |The Helm image to be used. |`docker.io/lachlanevenson/k8s-helm@sha256:5c792f29950b388de24e7448d378881f68b3df73a7b30769a6aa861061fd08ae`
|===

[discrete]
[id="op-ctaskref-helm-upgrade-from-source_{context}"]
== helm-upgrade-from-source

> The `helm-upgrade-from-source` community task installs and upgrades a Helm chart in your {OCP} cluster by using Helm.

Reviewer: I'd add some reference to "from source"  to this intro, so as to make it clear how it differs from the previous task

.Example usage of the `helm-upgrade-from-source` community task
[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
apiVersion: tekton.dev/v1
kind: Pipeline
metadata:
  name: helm-upgrade-from-source
spec:
  tasks:
    - name: helm-upgrade-from-source
      params:
        - name: charts_dir
          value: example_directory_path
        - name: release_version
          value: v1.0.0
        - name: release_name
          value: helm-release
        - name: release_namespace
          value: ''
        - name: overwrite_values
          value: ''
        - name: values_file
          value: values.yaml
        - name: helm_image
          value: 'docker.io/lachlanevenson/k8s-helm@sha256:5c792f29950b388de24e7448d378881f68b3df73a7b30769a6aa861061fd08ae'
        - name: upgrade_extra_params
          value: ''
      taskRef:
        kind: Task
        name: helm-upgrade-from-source
      workspaces:
        - name: source
          workspace: shared-workspace
  #...
----

.Supported parameters for the `helm-upgrade-from-source` community task
[cols="1,2,1",options="header"]
|===
| Parameter | Description | Default value

> |`charts_dir` |The directory in the source workspace that contains the Helm chart. |

Reviewer: Remove "The" here and in the other parameters, I think we don't normally use an article at the start of a parameter description in the table (compare to how the non-community tasks are done)

|`release_version` |The Helm release version in semantic versioning format. | `v1.0.0`
|`release_name` |The Helm release name. |`helm-release`
|`release_namespace` |The Helm release namespace. |`""`
|`overwrite_values` |The configuration parameters to overwrite, comma separated. For example: `autoscaling.enabled=true,replicas=1`|`""`

> |`values_file` |The file with configuration parameters to be used. |`values.yaml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`values_file` |File with configuration parameters for Helm. |`values.yaml`
```

.Example usage of the `jib-maven` community task
[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
apiVersion: tekton.dev/v1
kind: Pipeline
metadata:
  name: jib-maven
spec:
  tasks:
    - name: jib-maven
      params:
        - name: IMAGE
          value: example_image
        - name: MAVEN_IMAGE
          value: 'registry.redhat.io/ubi9/openjdk-17@sha256:78613bdf887530100efb6ddf92d2a17f6176542740ed83e509cdc19ee7c072d6'
        - name: DIRECTORY
          value: .
        - name: CACHE
          value: empty-dir-volume
        - name: INSECUREREGISTRY
          value: 'false'
        - name: CACERTFILE
          value: service-ca.crt
      taskRef:
        kind: Task
        name: jib-maven
      workspaces:
        - name: source
          workspace: shared-workspace
  #...
----

.Supported parameters for the `jib-maven` community task
[cols="1,2,1",options="header"]
|===
| Parameter | Description | Default value
|`IMAGE` |Name of the image to build. |
|`MAVEN_IMAGE` |Maven base image. |`registry.redhat.io/ubi9/openjdk-17@sha256:78613bdf887530100efb6ddf92d2a17f6176542740ed83e509cdc19ee7c072d6`

> |`DIRECTORY` |The{nbsp}directory{nbsp}containing{nbsp}the{nbsp}app,{nbsp}relative{nbsp}to the source repository root. |`.`

Reviewer: Remove "The" here and in the other parameters, I think we don't normally use an article at the start of a parameter description in the table (compare to how the non-community tasks are done)

|`CACHE` |The name of the volume for caching Maven artifacts and base image layers. |`empty-dir-volume`
|`INSECUREREGISTRY` |Allow an insecure registry. |`false`
|`CACERTFILE` |Certificate authority (CA) bundle file name for an insecure registry service. |`service-ca.crt`
|===

.Supported workspaces for the `jib-maven` community task
[cols="1,3",options="header"]
|===
| Workspace | Description
| `source` | The workspace that contains the Maven project.
|`sslcertdir` | The optional workspace that contains SSL certificates.
|===

.Results that the `jib-maven` task returns
[cols="1,1,2",options="header"]
|===
| Result | Type | Description
|`IMAGE_DIGEST` |`string` |Digest of the image that was built.
|===

.Changes from the `jib-maven` community cluster task

* The default values for the `IMAGE` and `MAVEN_IMAGE` parameters were changed.

[discrete]
[id="op-ctaskref-kubeconfig-creator_{context}"]
== kubeconfig-creator

> The `kubeconfig-creator` community task creates a `kubeconfig` file that can be used by other tasks in the pipeline to access different clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `kubeconfig-creator` community task creates a `kubeconfig` file that can other tasks in the pipeline can use for accessing different clusters.
```

.Example usage of the `kubeconfig-creator` community task
[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
apiVersion: tekton.dev/v1
kind: Pipeline
metadata:
  name: kubeconfig-creator
spec:
  tasks:
    - name: kubeconfig-creator
      params:
        - name: name
          value: example_cluster
        - name: url

>           value: example_cluster_URL

Reviewer: I would use an example URL such as https://cluster.example.com

Author: I wanted to have the examples consistent, but OK

        - name: username
          value: example_username
        - name: password
          value: example_password
        - name: cadata
          value: ''
        - name: clientKeyData
          value: ''
        - name: clientCertificateData
          value: ''
        - name: namespace
          value: ''
        - name: token
          value: ''
        - name: insecure
          value: 'false'
      taskRef:
        kind: Task
        name: kubeconfig-creator
      workspaces:
        - name: output
          workspace: shared-workspace
  #...
----

.Supported parameters for the `kubeconfig-creator` community task
[cols="1,2,1",options="header"]
|===
| Parameter | Description | Default value

> |`name` |The name of the cluster to access. |

Reviewer: Remove "The" here and in the other parameters, I think we don't normally use an article at the start of a parameter description in the table (compare to how the non-community tasks are done)

|`url` |The address of the cluster to access. |
|`username` |The username for basic authentication to the cluster. |
|`password` |The password for basic authentication to the cluster. |`""`

> |`cadata` |Contains PEM-encoded certificate authority (CA) certificates. |`""`

Reviewer: I'd remove "Contains" here and in the other parameters

|`clientKeyData` |Contains PEM-encoded data from a client key file for TLS. |`""`
|`clientCertificateData` |Contains PEM-encoded data from a client certification file for TLS. |`""`
|`namespace` |The default namespace to use on unspecified requests. |`""`
|`token` |The bearer token for authentication to the cluster. |`""`
|`insecure` |To indicate whether a server should be accessed without verifying the TLS certificate. |`false`
|===

.Supported workspaces for the `kubeconfig-creator` community task
[cols="1,3",options="header"]
|===
| Workspace | Description

> | `output` | The workspace where the `kubeconfig` file is stored by the `kubeconfig-creator` task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `output` | The workspace where the `kubeconfig-creator` task stores the `kubeconfig` file.
```

|===

[discrete]
[id="op-ctaskref-pull-request_{context}"]
== pull-request

You can use the `pull-request` community task to interact with a source control management (SCM) system through an abstracted interface.

> This community task works with both public SCM instances and self-hosted/enterprise GitHub and GitLab instances. 

Reviewer 4: Suggest rewriting to remove the `/` if possible. E.g.:
```suggestion
This community task works with both public SCM instances and self-hosted or enterprise GitHub and GitLab instances. 
```
or whatever is technically accurate / makes sense.

> This community task works with both public SCM instances and self-hosted, enterprise GitHub, or GitLab instances. 

Reviewer: as it probably works *only* with GitHub and GitLab, and not with some other "self-hosted" repo, I'd remove the commas.

In download mode, this task populates the `pr` workspace with the state of the existing pull request, including the `.MANIFEST` file. 

> In upload mode, this task compares the contents of the `pr` workspace with the `.MANIFEST` file, if it exists.

Reviewer: For "comparing" one would have to have a result where it would store whether the comparison shows a difference? I'm really not sure how upload mode works with what is described here

Author: cc: @jkhelil

Reviewer 2: @savitaashture do you know for this ?

Reviewer: Based on what I could gather from the example, here is a suggested description:

In In upload mode, this task compares the contents of the `pr` workspace with the content of the pull request and, if the content is different, updates the pull request to match the `pr` workspace.

Is this correct? @ppitonak @savitaashture

Reviewer 3: Sounds good

.Example usage of the `pull-request` community task
[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
apiVersion: tekton.dev/v1
kind: Pipeline
metadata:
  name: pull-request
spec:
spec:
  tasks:
    - name: pull-request
      params:
        - name: mode
          value: upload
        - name: url
          value: example_pull_request_URL
        - name: provider
          value: github
        - name: secret-key-ref
          value: example_secret
        - name: insecure-skip-tls-verify
          value: 'false'
      taskRef:
        kind: Task
        name: pull-request
      workspaces:
        - name: pr
          workspace: shared-workspace
  #...
----

.Supported parameters for the `pull-request` community task
[cols="1,2,1",options="header"]
|===
| Parameter | Description | Default value
|`mode` |If set to `download`, the state of the pull request at `url` is fetched. If set to `upload` then the pull request at `url` is updated. |
|`url` |The URL of the pull request. |

> |`provider` |The type of the SCM system,. The supported values are `github` or `gitlab`. |

Reviewer 4: Typo:
```suggestion
|`provider` |The type of the SCM system. The supported values are `github` or `gitlab`. |
```

> |`provider` |The type of the SCM system. The supported values are `github` or `gitlab`. |

Reviewer: As before, I suggest removing "The" from the start of the descriptions of all parameters.

|`secret-key-ref` |The name of a `Secret` object of `Opaque` type that contains a key called `token` with a base64 encoded SCM token.|
|`insecure-skip-tls-verify` |If set to `true`, the certificate validation is disabled. |`false`
|===

.Supported workspaces for the `pull-request` community task
[cols="1,3",options="header"]
|===
| Workspace | Description
| `pr` | The workspace that contains the state of the pull request.
|===

[discrete]
[id="op-ctaskref-trigger-jenkins-job_{context}"]
== trigger-jenkins-job

> The `trigger-jenkins-job` community task is used to trigger a Jenkins job by using the `curl` request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `trigger-jenkins-job` community task to trigger a Jenkins job by using a `curl` request.
```

[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
apiVersion: tekton.dev/v1
kind: Pipeline
metadata:
  name: trigger-jenkins-job
spec:
  tasks:
    - name: trigger-jenkins-job
      params:
        - name: JENKINS_HOST_URL
          value: example_host_URL
        - name: JOB_NAME
          value: example_job_name
        - name: JENKINS_SECRETS
          value: jenkins-credentials
        - name: JOB_PARAMS
          value:
            - example_param
      taskRef:
        kind: Task
        name: trigger-jenkins-job
      workspaces:
        - name: source
          workspace: shared-workspace
  # ...
----

.Supported parameters for the `trigger-jenkins-job` community task
[cols="1,2,1",options="header"]
|===
| Parameter | Description | Default value
|`JENKINS_HOST_URL` |Server URL on which Jenkins is running. |
|`JOB_NAME` |Jenkins Job which needs to be triggered. |
|`JENKINS_SECRETS` |Jenkins secret containing credentials. |`jenkins-credentials`
|`JOB_PARAMS` |Extra arguments to append as a part of the `curl` request. |`""`
|===

.Supported workspaces for the `trigger-jenkins-job` community task
[cols="1,3",options="header"]
|===
| Workspace | Description

> |`source` | The workspace which can be used to mount files which can be send through the `curl` request to the Jenkins job.

Reviewer 4: Typo:
```suggestion
|`source` | The workspace which can be used to mount files which can be sent through the `curl` request to the Jenkins job.
```
